# 5D Instruction Set for Strangers
## Song & Julie

In this project we chose Madison Square Park as our place and we decided to let people work together to create a 'zoo'.

We are inpired by the project of letting strangers to compose a story together, the form of which people who do not know each other can then be able to create something together amazed us and we wanted to follow such route.

The form of our project is rather simple. People can stick animal shapes on a board with a background of natural land printed on it.

## 1st Prototype
Our first run was really smooth. Within 3mins, a child came with her mom and played with our set for about 10 mins. 

We were very happy and even more excited to see later that moms who do not know each other actually started talking while their children were sticking animals on the board.

The duration of this run is about 1 hour and 20 mins and we were very satisfied with our result. 
Yet one thing that we wanted to improve is to let more adults to interact with our set. 
To work on this purpose, we then made an instagram frame, animal masks and other improvements like increasing the height of the set.

Our presentation is here: https://docs.google.com/a/newschool.edu/presentation/d/1EXkmvT5XuDeZLGzHcu0IYDOfnVhoM24zFR9Q1lxMFro/edit?usp=sharing

## 2nd Prototype
With the success of the first run, we had a really high expectation for our second one. However this time, we waited 1 hour for the first person to interact.

The problems were that the weather of that day was not as good as before and we moved our spot to where we believed that is less exposed so that more adults may feel free to interact with the board.
Yet things did not work out so after 30 mins we moved the thing to the position we chose last time.

This time still, not many adults interacted with it. Although we were very glad that one man took a photo of his dog using the intagram frame. And that several moms used the masks to play with their children.

Our presentation is here: https://docs.google.com/a/newschool.edu/presentation/d/1kE9Kaq3LqWRwvjhGVdHtwVtRGUW9sGFjuetJdnNHmcE/edit?usp=sharing

Through our observation, we conclude that adults are less willing to interact with things that look like child's. More specifically, more guys than girls will drag their partners away from such a cute board.
One of the other groups (Nick and Pilar) said that also men were less interested in their work than women, while one group from another studio with a set that allow people to throw ballons with colored water at a canvas suggested that more guys would encourage their girlfriend to try it.
These all made me think the stereotypes we have. Like adults cannot enjoy child-like fun because it is inappropriate, or men are too hardcore to interact with cute stuff, or girls would not participate in activities that seem to be violent and a bit dirty.
These conclusions are very interesting to me but I also realized how deep such stereotype is and how hard to reduce it.

In terms of the set itself, I hope that maybe something with a bit of physical computing can be included and that the appearance and concept can be improved according to the stereotype we have in our world if to achieve the goal of attracting more adults.
